hany Mahmud joins us live now from Rafa
in southern Gaza so hany just bring us
up to date with the latest on these
Israeli air
strikes yes H we're only seeing more
death and destruction across the Gaza
Strip Israeli military just stepped up
it's a aial bombardment and been
targeting cities towns refugee camps
across the G even the empti northern
part of the Gaza Strip but as of
overnight and early hours of this
morning uh the central part of the Gaza
Strip came under heavy aerial
bombardment we're talking about refugee
camps Al maazi and more residential
homes were targeted and destroyed and
more people have been killed in those
massive air strike we're talking about
at least 35 people who were killed the
vast majority of them uh are women and
and children all of these people
including the injuries were rushed to Al
AA Hospital in Dar bah and already full
overwhelmed hospitals with extreme
shortage of medical supplies and
exhausted medical staff to uh to operate
in these unusually difficult
circumstances those who do
not those who sustain the injuries are
likely to die because of the improper
insufficient medical uh intervention as
there is lack of of medical supplies
here in ra where people were told to
evacuate we're talking about early hours
of last night where three families were
Sheltering in a residential building
just 200 met away from the Kuwaiti
Hospital were killed inside the
residential home that was targeted by a
massive Quake bombs that that that that
shook the very Foundation of every
building within the vicinity could
people could feel the Shake as the
explosion uh took off but uh 21 people
were killed again we're looking at the
unprecedented number of the children and
women those who were rushed into the
Kuai Hospital were women and children
were killed the some were brought into a
blankets because their bodies were torn
torn apart as of the the the effect of
the explosion uh other injuries who were
also brought to the hospital here were
transferred to other medical centers
across ra because this is a small siiz
medical facility and could not take the
large number of injuries and dead bodies
who were brought here at one at one time
uh this is the the situation so far
across the Gaza trip what we' seen is a
pattern within just the past week and so
more bombs but less on the humanitarian
Aid which contradicts the resolution
that was passed by the UN security
Council Hy thanks for that hany Mahmud
in Rafa